---
layout: post
title: What's in the name?
subtitle: Why is this blog called alephthoughts?
image: /img/shakespeare.jpg
---

>"What's in a name? that which we call a rose
>By any other name would smell as sweet"

Welcome to my blog!

This is the medium I will use to share my thoughts on many things that I find interesting. I have a buzzing mind which makes it hard for me to focus on one thing at a time. So I decided to name this blog after something that describes the state of my mind. How many thoughts at once do I have in my head?, I asked myself. My mind drifted to another question, What is the biggest number?
It turns out the largest number is a **_[geoglyph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geoglyph)_**, "40" made of trees in Russia covering an area of 12000 square meters. 40Thoughts didn't sound cool enough to me, so my search continued. A **_[GoogolThoughts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Googol)_** or **_[GoogolplexThoughts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Googolplex)_** are big cardinal numbers but I wanted something bigger. So I named this blog after the smallest infinity which is denoted by the first Hebrew letter **_["Aleph"](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleph_null)_**. 

This place is going to be about stuff I find cool and numbers top that list. Another thing that is really cool is programming. I really love python for its easy of use and amazing community. Swift is another language that I find really interesting. I love reading about everything related to science and can spend hours discussing philosophy and politics. The common theme around all these things is my vision for a better world. I am by no means a good writer but still I would love to put my thoughts on things out there and love to read yours. So hope so see you on my blog.

Cheers!!
